fix: MD038 space inside code blocks (#12091)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/scripting/index.md

  - preventing
  - setProperty
---

> One can override default browser behaviors with the *evt.preventDefault( )* method, add eventListeners to objects with the syntax *element.addEventListener(event, function, useCapture), and set element properties with syntax* `svgElement.style.setProperty("fill-opacity", "0.0", "").` Note the existence of all three arguments setting properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can override default browser behaviors with the `evt.preventDefault( )` method, add event listeners to objects with the syntax `element.addEventListener(event, function, useCapture)`, and set element properties with syntax like `svgElement.style.setProperty("fill-opacity", "0.0", "")`. Note the existence of all three arguments setting properties.
```
